Run tests on Travis CI against MySQL 5.6/5.7/8.0 (#53)
twingly/ecco: README.md

The tests needs a MySQL server with replication enabled.

> Ecco includes a docker-compose solution that can be used for this. The file `docker-mysql-base.yml` is used together with one of the three `mysql-X-X.yml` files to specify which version of MySQL server to start.

Reviewer: Maybe something along these lines:

```suggestion
Ecco includes multiple Docker Compose definitions that can be used for this, one per supported MySQL version:

* docker-compose -f docker-mysql-base.yml -f mysql-5-6.yml up
* docker-compose -f docker-mysql-base.yml -f mysql-5-7.yml up
* docker-compose -f docker-mysql-base.yml -f mysql-8-0.yml up
```

(combined with my naming change proposals in Slack)

Author: Fixed: e7c3f96bf539f1bd30b401ffa7ce6385ec001376 :)

The tests needs a MySQL server with replication enabled.

Ecco includes multiple Docker Compose definitions that can be used for this, one per supported MySQL version:

Just start it before running the tests

* docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-5-6.yml up
* docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-5-7.yml up

> * docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-5-.8yml up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-8-0.yml up
```
:D

Reviewer: I took a look at the rendered version, perhaps it looks better with a block instead, like:

```
# MySQL 5.6
docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-5-6.yml up

# MySQL 5.7
docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-5-7.yml up

# MySQL 8.0
docker-compose -f docker-compose-mysql-base.yml -f docker-compose-mysql-8-0.yml up
```

Author: Fixed now! :) 89c1296de64e949a34bb4205926284d9b510b636
